Js webapp ending (#32)
NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web: js-webapp/README.md

_Newton (and his hair)._

Now before you say _"That'll be so much slower than running it native!"_ or _"C/C++ from the browser? Impossible!"_,
just hold your horses for a sec. With the right tools, it is possible to run C/C++ code in the browser, without a

> significant performance penalty. For example, Gabriel Cuvillier was able to run the video game _Doom 3_ [in the

Reviewer: Taking #10 into account this is a bit to optimistic
```suggestion
just hold your horses for a sec. With the right tools, it is possible to run C/C++ code in the browser, with an acceptable performance penalty. For example, Gabriel Cuvillier was able to run the video game _Doom 3_ [in the
```

### Binding

To use the Newton-Raphson code from JavaScript, we'll need to define the _bindings_ file. The binding provides entry

> points to C++ methods and classes, which can then be used by JavaScript (after compilation). For our Newton-Raphson code, the binding file looks like this:

Reviewer: It is hard to describe what binding does. Entry points are a bit vague to me.

Some alternatives
* The binding allows to map C++ constructs to their JavaScript equivalent
* The binding allows compiled code to be used in a natural way in JavaScript
* The binding allows compiled code to be called from JavaScript
* The binding provides method to connect and interact between JavaScript and compile C++

Author: changed
